# About Project
This project will be an example of a SAAS platform where a user can use the services for a subscription basis. Users can get a free subscription if  they have special code generated by the admin and each code can be used the number of times set by the admin while generating the referral code. The code brings different benefits; it can provide lifetime access.

The project is a combination of all the beginner to advanced level machine learning and deep learning projects that can be used and tried by everyone. The python instance will provide the option to users to make their own code.

# Project Module
#### 1. Signup & Login<br>
#### 2. Payment Gateway<br>
#### 3. Admin Module<br>
#### 4. Support Module<br>
#### 5. Dashboard<br>
  - Update Profile<br>
  - Check Subscription Status<br>
  - Send Message to support
  - Delete Account
  - Reset Password
#### 6. Flask apps to connect python models to web
#### 7. Deep Learning and machine learning models:
  - Python Instance
  - Spam Classifier

# Requirements
### Hardware Requirements:
The ideal implementation of the project will be on cloud but due to time and cost constraints we will be implementing it on our own system. Due to state of the art deep learning models the hardware requirements have to be higher than usual.

#### 1. Core i5 <br>
#### 2. 5 GHz <br>
#### 3. 8 gig RAM <br>
#### 4. 1 gig disk space

### Software Requirements:
#### 1. Google Chrome (Browser)<br>
#### 2. Cuda toolkit 11.0<br.
#### 3. Cudnn 7.6<br>
#### 4. Visual Studio 2019<br>
#### 5. Pycharm<br>
#### 6. Anaconda<br>
#### 7. Glassfish server<br>
#### 8. Java jdk<br>
#### 9. Payment Gateway SDK<br>
#### 10. MySQL database<br>
#### 11. MySQL connector<br>
#### 12. Netbeans<br>



# Technology Stack
### Frontend
#### 1. Bootstrap v4.5.0 Framework
#### 2. JavaScript

### Backend
#### 1. JSP (Java Server Pages)
#### 2. Java Web Servlet
#### 3. Servlet Filters
#### 4. MySQL 
